I think it's classic we got a one let me
turn the game off and couldn't turn it
back on and you know you can't do that
with a team like this to shoot threes
like they do we just shut it down too
early and actually I thought we shut it
down the second half you know them our
second group came in there and did a
great job got the 18 points and a lot of
it was we're scoring really easy and
when you do that you have a temptation
of thinking that I was just out scouring
the night and get you in trouble and
when was paid for it why well it was a
decision you got to make I wanted to
rest them but I wasn't comfortable with
16 and 14 whenever they got back in
there and just when you anytime you got
like Eric Gordon on the floor or Ryan
Anderson you just cannot relax and they
went small I couldn't get pal back in
there because of the way the lineup was
and and again if we should have knocked
him out earlier they played well to give
them credit and money does a great job
with him but he's got to take care of
business knock him out and go on the
next game we didn't do it there are old
girls play and he's very live and I
thought he played great I thought the
thought Earl jodie meeks Antoine Powell
when he was in there Steve Blake I
thought gave us good minutes so there
are some really good things to take out
of this our second group played really
well tonight and that's something that's
going to be really important going
forward
great great kidding me it'll be super
it'll be exciting for him I'm sure he's
playing great I mean that's what we
needed that's what he's doing I'm making
baskets when we have would have to have
them he's drawing double teams and I
think Nash is the perfect guy to play
off of it and it helps both our games
well my expectations rent and you know I
don't want to sound crazy but I'm not
crazy but maybe but I think we went
every game although always with a group
that we have we play like this you can
win every game obviously you probably
won't they'll be nice with you know when
the other team plays great yeah but we
played offensive way we're capable and
Dwight's leading that really well we hit
shots which we now have a bunch of guys
that can hit shots not just one or two
on and we move the ball the way we're
moving it there's no reason that we
don't win every game you know as a team
right
well I think so I'm you know I think
winning and that I think you do I think
it's perfect that's there's no way you
wouldn't want to play this way there's
no way and I think they fill it and you
can see it in her face as you can see in
her body language everything and he's
too bad came so late but better late the
number exactly the way we're playing you
know I didn't know about Earl Clark I
didn't know that Kobe could be so
devastating that way I didn't know that
you know I didn't have Steve Blake for a
long time I didn't know Jodie Meeks it
all I took a while to trust them get to
know him play with see what fits and I
didn't know matter was such a good for
and there's a lot of things I didn't
know so I'm pretty pleased right now